README.md, before:

# ![logo] Task App (To-Do List)

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![Bitbucket open issues](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/issues/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![Bitbucket open pull requests](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/pr-raw/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)

![preview]
> A simple task app (to-do list) developed with AdonisJS, tRPC, ReactJS, Vite, SWC, Typescript, TailwindCSS, and many others.

## 🚀 About the project

This project was developed to demonstrate the use of the @pyxlab/adonis-trpc package, react with Vite/SWC, structured as a monorepo using the yarn workspace and turborepo of Versel to deploy the project.

## 📱 Layout

The reference layout was designed by [Ariane Morelato](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ariane-morelato/), you can access it [here](https://github.com/aridsm/tasks-app).

## 📝 Features

The project is still under development, but the following features are already available:

- [x] Create a session, user authentication and logout
- [x] Create a task, edit and delete
- [x] Create a directory, edit and delete
- [x] Sort tasks, directories, filter and search tasks
- [x] Progress bar of tasks completed, overdue, today and total tasks

## 💻 Prerequisites

Before starting, you will need to have the following tools installed on your machine:

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## 🎲 Running the project

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/Pyxlab/todo.git

# Access the project folder in the / cmd terminal
$ cd todo

# Install the dependencies
$ yarn

# Run docker compose
$ docker-compose up -d

# Run the migrations
$ yarn workspace @acme/api migrate:run

# Run the project
$ yarn dev

# The server will start at port: 3000 - go to http://localhost:3000
```

## 🛠️ Technologies

The following tools were used in the construction of the project:

### Backend

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [AdonisJS](https://adonisjs.com/)
- [Adonis TRPC](https://www.github.com/pyxlab/adonis-trpc)
- [Lucid ORM](https://adonisjs.com/docs/4.1/lucid)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### Frontend

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [SWC](https://swc.rs/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [TRPC](https://trpc.io/)
- [HeadlessUI](https://headlessui.dev/)

## 📫 Contributing to the project

To contribute to the project, follow the steps below:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make the changes (feature, documentation, etc.).
3. Make a commit of your changes.
4. Send a pull request.

## 📝 License

This project is under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) file for more details.

## 📝 Author

Made with ❤️ by Walaff Fernandes 👋🏽 [Get in touch!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lncitador/) or [See my projects](https://www.github.com/lncitador/)

[logo]: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/60629982?s=30&u=87b71f1227797d533f85fd772c4de3aa42a35b48&v=4 "Logo"
[preview]: ./todo-list.jpeg "Preview"

Commit message:

docs(monorepo): :memo: table of contents

README.md, after:

# ![logo] Task App (To-Do List)

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![Bitbucket open issues](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/issues/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)
![Bitbucket open pull requests](https://img.shields.io/bitbucket/pr-raw/Pyxlab/todo?style=for-the-badge)

![preview]
> A simple task app (to-do list) developed with AdonisJS, tRPC, ReactJS, Vite, SWC, Typescript, TailwindCSS, and many others.

## 📝 Table of Contents

- [ Task App (To-Do List)](#-task-app-to-do-list)
  - [📝 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
  - [🚀 About the project](#-about-the-project)
  - [📱 Layout](#-layout)
  - [✨ Features](#-features)
  - [💻 Prerequisites](#-prerequisites)
  - [🎲 Running the project](#-running-the-project)
  - [🛠️ Technologies](#️-technologies)
    - [Backend](#backend)
    - [Frontend](#frontend)
  - [📫 Contributing to the project](#-contributing-to-the-project)
  - [📃 License](#-license)
  - [🧑🏽‍💻 Author](#-author)

## 🚀 About the project

This project was developed to demonstrate the use of the @pyxlab/adonis-trpc package, react with Vite/SWC, structured as a monorepo using the yarn workspace and turborepo of Versel to deploy the project. not only that, but it also uses the TailwindCSS framework for styling, and the HeadlessUI library for the components.

## 📱 Layout

The reference layout was designed by [Ariane Morelato](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ariane-morelato/), you can access it [here](https://github.com/aridsm/tasks-app).

## ✨ Features

The project is still under development, but the following features are already available:

- [x] Create a session, user authentication and logout
- [x] Create a task, edit and delete
- [x] Create a directory, edit and delete
- [x] Sort tasks, directories, filter and search tasks
- [x] Progress bar of tasks completed, overdue, today and total tasks

## 💻 Prerequisites

Before starting, you will need to have the following tools installed on your machine:

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## 🎲 Running the project

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/Pyxlab/todo.git

# Access the project folder in the / cmd terminal
$ cd todo

# Install the dependencies
$ yarn

# Run docker compose, to start the database container (PostgreSQL)
$ docker-compose up -d

# Run the migrations
$ yarn workspace @acme/api migrate:run

# Run the project
$ yarn dev

# The server will start at port: 3000 - go to http://localhost:3000
```

## 🛠️ Technologies

The following tools were used in the construction of the project:

### Backend

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [AdonisJS](https://adonisjs.com/)
- [Adonis TRPC](https://www.github.com/pyxlab/adonis-trpc)
- [Lucid ORM](https://adonisjs.com/docs/4.1/lucid)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### Frontend

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [SWC](https://swc.rs/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [TRPC](https://trpc.io/)
- [HeadlessUI](https://headlessui.dev/)

## 📫 Contributing to the project

To contribute to the project, follow the steps below:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make the changes (feature, documentation, etc.).
3. Make a commit of your changes.
4. Send a pull request.

## 📃 License

This project is under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) file for more details.

## 🧑🏽‍💻 Author

Made with ❤️ by Walaff Fernandes 👋🏽 [Get in touch!](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lncitador/) or [See my projects](https://www.github.com/lncitador/)

[logo]: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/60629982?s=30&u=87b71f1227797d533f85fd772c4de3aa42a35b48&v=4 "Logo"
[preview]: ./todo-list.jpeg "Preview"
